# 2024-04-03

Meeting notes for April 4th, 2024:

Some points we have discussed:

- Welcome and get to know each other
- Permissions and roles in GitHub

    Current CI in the `espanso` repo signs the executables with the
    personal key of Federico Terzi. We need to change that to aknowledge
    the work of the community instead of a single developer.
    After code signing is solved, federico can grant the permissions and
    roles in GitHub
- Release pace:

    It's okay once every 3 to 4 months, with the option to do hotfixes
    every now and then.
- How can we support non-english expansions?

    Federico: Every OS is a bit different, Linux is definitely the hardest.
    one of [the issues he remebers](https://github.com/espanso/espanso/issues/101#issuecomment-1042677673) dealing with was this "dictionary"
    of keyboard to chinese ideograms, for example.
- Hub packages issue

    We need to have a strong security and complement it with reviewers.
    We do already support scripts, but only the inline ones. We traced some
    guidelines on how we would like to do

  - double check every PR with CI and a human reviewer
  - we don't merge anything we don't understand
  - we may reject anything that causes permanent damage (rm -f)
  - we might allow scripts to so some removals in acceptable places, like
    `temp` folders
  - if we merge a yaml that is malformed the whole hub can fall.

- We want to start using the [project roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/espanso/projects/1)

    It's a bit worn, so it needs a cleanup to be used as a reference.
    This way we can show in what are we working currently

- We decided to stop using discussions in GitHub, they are more or less
the same as issues, and we already have issues well configured, so we don't
need to have 2 types of info.

  For deciding which items to develop, we can count the thumbup (👍) reactions
