# 2024-05-01

This was a short meeting because we were few. Some items mentioned:

- Look at the [project roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/espanso/projects/1) and
see where we stand
- Talk about prorities. [Discord link to chat](https://discord.com/channels/884163483409731584/1013902954350248008/1225773043985682553)
- The hub is ready to merge, but the CI is failing...
- It'd be nice to checkout the discussins and separate what's useful to do in the
future and what we can't deliver anytime soon (like this year)
